[Test] New Test Case Database-ODBC-attestation (#664)
lsds/sgx-lkl: tests/database/odbc-with-cksp/README.md

> # Azure SQL ODBC w/ Database Attestation and Custom Key Store Provider Test Case

Reviewer: Please don't use "w/" in the README.

> # Azure SQL ODBC w/ Database Attestation and Custom Key Store Provider Test Case

Reviewer: Can a native English speaker go over this and suggest fixes re grammar/typos?

## Description

> This is the test case for database connection and query from sgxlkl application to a remote SQLServer database with always encrypted. After connection between app and database with attestation established, the test will do following queries and operations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the test case for establishing database connection and sending queries from a sgxlkl application to a remote SQL Server database with always encrypted feature. After the connection between the app and the database is established with attestation, the test will do the following queries and operations:
```

Reviewer 2: @praenubilus Please fix the rest of this document.
